Thank you, don't worry.
Qingqing will be fine
Huo Zeyuan
What are you doing here?
If your father hadn't asked you to take it away
There would be no accident today.
Pardon me?
If there is anything wrong with the piano
I'm not done with you and the Huo family
Doctor, how is Qinqin?
He's losing a lot of blood right now
Our blood stock is not enough
Please replace him with optimism.
I called you here because I want you to help
After all, the disease before Qingqing has not been cured
What blood type is Qingqing?
After all
Are any of you Bi Qingxue?
We need someone to offer snow to Qingqing
I am Biqing
I can give her information.
No way.
You can't donate blood to the Qin army
What are you still thinking about at this time?
You are the biological father of Qin Jun
These metals cannot donate blood